Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
BLOODHOUNDS: SEASON 2
DU-YEONG. IT'S BEEN A WHILE
SINCE WE TALKED
SOMETHING HAPPEN TO THE BOYS?
THEY'RE OKAY FOR NOW
LET ME KNOW RIGHT
AWAY IF ANYTHING HAPPENS
NO CALLER ID
KIM GUN-WOO
LEE WOO-JEONG
39TH CLASS
TO: JANG JUN
THANK YOU
KIM GUN-WOO
OCTO ROMA NATURALIA INVESTIGATION FILE
SPOUSE: HAN EUN-JI. DECEASED
HONG MIN-BEOM
GI-NA
MONEY
HOW MUCH?
YO. WHY DID YOU POST THE JOB TO THE GROUP?
YOU SHOULD HAVE SENT IT TO ME.
MANJI: I WAS GOING TO
GIVE IT TO YOU ANYWAY
LIAR. WHAT IS IT? YOU'LL PAY WELL. RIGHT?
MANJI: HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT?
I MIGHT GIVE YOU A BONUS
I'LL LEAVE IT TO YOU TO PAY ME WELL
MANJI: IT'S SIMPLE.
JUST ADD A DRUG TO A DRINK
AND THE DRUG? SHOULD I USE MINE?
MANJI: WE'LL TALK IN PERSON
WHERE SHOULD I GO?
MANJI: I'LL CALL YOU IN A BIT. MEET THERE
OKAY.
HE'S STAYING LONG-TERM IN THE PENTHOUSE!
SPECIAL OPERATIONS UNIT
NO CALLER ID
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today